Reviewing installation steps (#32)
Axway/open-banking-docs: content/en/docs/deployment/installation/developer-portal.md

5. Check the different user interfaces:
   * _Developer Portal home page_: `https://developer-portal.<domain-name>`. If the APIM Helm charts are successfully deployed, you should see APIs on the API Catalog (click the API tab).
   * _Joomla admin interface_: `https://developer-portal.<domain-name>/administrator`. Login with username _apiadmin_ and password _apiAdminPwd!_.

## Post Install steps

1. Customizing the brand.
   If needed, you can easily brand the developer portal with your logo and brand colors.
   Connect the the adminstrator UI and navigate to:
   ```
       Extentions > Templates > Style -  Choose a Style profile, then click `Theme` tab, next click `Theme Magic` button top of screen.
   ```
   Key Colors:
   ```
       Brand Color: The base color of the site
   ```
   Basic Colors:
   ```
       @page-text-color: The base text color of the site
   ```

>    Save the theme by clicking the arrow button next to preview button to `Save As`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Save the theme by clicking the arrow button next to preview button to `Save As`.
```

> 2. Apply Theme

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Apply the theme.
```

>    To apply them exit out of the Theme Magic (Back to Administrator) then change the `Theme` dropdown to select your new theme.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To apply the theme exit out of Theme Magic (you are returned to Administrator), and then change the **Theme** dropdown to select your new theme.
```

> 3. Customizing the Logo

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Customize the logo.
```

>    To change the logo use the `Logo Image` Selector under the same Theme tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To change the logo select an image from the **Logo Image** selector under the Theme tab.
```

> 4. Saving the changes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Save the changes.
```

>    Theme Magice only needs to be done once but to apply the theme saving will need to be done for each style you want to apply this to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Theme Magic only needs to be done once but to apply the theme saving will need to be done for each style you want to apply this to.
```
This needs to be rewritten, but I'm not sure what is means. Maybe you can send me more details and screen shots in Teams and I can figure out how to write it to be more clear.
